Of course I support the blue tide
from the point of view that I have mentioned
before, I think it is a group of
brave people who go against the current, who have seen
something unfair and who have all gone together,
but what I do not support is that a certain
sector of this blue tide has defended
Antonio David,
Rocío Flores and Olga from media harassment, but they have
excluded me when I believe that I have been
one of the greatest victims of the whole
story, the reporter confessed.
Marta points out that she respects the movement a lot
but does not understand how some
people who belong to it would withdraw
their support from Antonio David because they did not
like her, it is incongruous
when you defend a cause you have to
defend it regardless of
who the person is,
Marta emphasizes that she is not referring to everyone
and that she knows that there are lovely people in
the movement, the reporter points out that what they
have against her is that
Flores chose her and that is not a reason
to go against someone,
Marta comments that there are people in the
movement who consider that defending
her is attacking another person and she does not
understand why, but something is very true,
as Marta adds.  And charisma is that
although the support on
virtual platforms is very important, the one who has
supported him in person and has taken him by the
hand during his most difficult moments
has been Marta Riesgo. She was the one who got him
out of his house and together with her children has
been one of the reasons why the
Malaga native has come out ahead.
Obviously, the support of the blue tide
on the networks has been very important, but
the work that Marta did in person and
at home has also been very important.